.TH PB-ARCHIVE 1 "February 10, 2013" 
.SH NAME
.PP
pb-archive - archive your pinboard bookmarks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
pb-archive [\f[I]options\f[]] -u username -t security_token
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
pb-archive creates a backup of your pinboard bookmarks.
Bookmarks are then archived along with all other page requisites such as
css files.
Archived pages are laid out on the local filesystem according to the
bookmarked url.
A report is created which holds the description, original url,
filesystem location and all user set tags.
.PP
Interaction with Pinboard is done through their v1 api.
pb-archive will only use your username and security token and will not
use your password.
You can easily reset your token at anytime.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -v, --verbose
Verbose Output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -u \f[I]USERNAME\f[], --user \f[I]USERNAME\f[]
Your Pinboard username.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -t \f[I]TOKEN\f[], --token \f[I]TOKEN\f[]
Your Pinboard security token.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -c \f[I]CA_CERT\f[], --ca-cert \f[I]CA_CERT\f[]
Location of Certificate Authority File for wget.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -m, --master
Enable master mode.
Master mode creates one archive hierarchy.
The default creates a new archive for each day pinboard-archive is ran.
Enabling this will create an \[aq]archive-master\[aq] directory instead
of a \[aq]archive-YYYY-MM-DD\[aq]
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -U, --update
Update your current archive.
This option is required if you want to update your previously created
archive.
Updates occur in-place.
Use master mode (-m) to keep one consistent archive hierarchy.
This option does nothing if today\[aq]s YYYY-MM-DD doesn\[aq]t match the
directory \[aq]archive-YYYY-MM-DD\[aq].
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -b, --bookmark-file
Output filename of your intended bookmark file.
Default pinboard-bookmarks.json
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -s, --strict
Warning for each bookmark will be shown if the archive is not perfect.
Otherwise work is done on a best effort.
Example.
Downloading a page with an embedded flash video may fail.
Enabling strict mode will warn you know about it.
Assessment is done after archiving takes place.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --help
Show help menu.
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
\f[B]Basic Archive:\f[]
.RS
.PP
> pb-archive -u <username> -t <token>
.RE
.PP
\f[B]Update Archive\f[]
.RS
.PP
> pb-archive -U -u <username> -t <token>
.RE
.PP
\f[B]Master Mode\f[]
.RS
.PP
> pb-archive -m -u <username> -t <token>
.RE
.SH LICENSE
.PP
Please see the LICENSE file for License information.
.PP
pb-archive(1) is not a product of Nine Fives Software or Maciej
Cegłowski.
.SH AUTHORS
Vincent Perricone.
